.TH WAVE2C "1" "july 2014" "wave2c 0.5.1" "wave2c manual"
.SH NAME
wave2c - A preprocessed Wave code to C code translator

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wave2c
.I INPUT [OUTPUT]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program compiles preprocessed Wave code into C code. To produce preprocessed
Wave code, use \fBwavepp\fR.
.P
For more information on the Wave language, please
visit <\fBhttp://wave.gforge.inria.fr\fR>.

.SH USAGE
This program expects 1 or 2 arguments. The first argument is the input file, while
the seconde argument is the output.
.P
If the first argument is '-', the program will read from standard input.
.P
If the second argument is omitted, the program will output to the standard output.

.SH COMPILING THE C FILES
The resulting C files rely on the \fBlibwave\fR, <\fBmath.h\fR> and \fBOpenMP\fR.
Also, the C dialect used is C99. Thus, to compile the resulting C files:
    $ \fBwave2\fR input.wpp output.c
    $ \fBgcc\fR -std=c99 -O2 output.c -lm -lwave -fopenmp

.SH EXAMPLES
To compile a preprocessed file into a C file:
    $ \fBwave2c\fR input.wpp output.c

To write the resulting C code to stdout:
    $ \fBwave2c\fR input.wpp

To read the Wave code from stdin:
    $ \fBwave2c\fR -
    $ \fBwave2c\fR - output.c

To indent the C code using GNU \fBindent\fR:
    $ \fBwave2c\fR input.wpp | \fBindent\fR -o output.c

To directly produce C code from raw Wave code:
    $ \fBwavepp\fR input.w | \fBwave2c\fR - ouput.c
    $ \fBwavepp\fR input.w | \fBwave2c\fR - | \fBindent\fR -o output.c

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBwavepp\fR, \fBwavec\fR

.SH UNSUPPORTED OR EXPERIMENTAL WAVE LANG FEATURES
Experimental support:
    - paths
    - cut operator
    - stop operator

Not implemented yet:
    - read operator
    - infinite cycles

.SH BUGS
The compiler still is in its early stages hence the high probability to
encounter bugs.

.SH AUTHORS
See the \fBAUTHORS\fR in the source ditribution. Éric Violard <\fBeric.violard@inria.fr\fR> is the author of the
Wave language.

.SH LICENSE
This work is licensed under the MIT terms. See the \fBCOPYING\fR file in the source distribution.
